Just because you don't listen
I can mess with you with your body
Then you have to promise me one condition.
You have to give me money.
I still pay 200 yuan for painting the wall a day.
I'll give you 20,000 day
20,000 month is 600,000
Are you bragging?
It's a scum routine at a glance
Give me your phone
Why is this my phone? Then give me my phone too.
Go you
I'm really here 600,000 hum
Are you really the God of Wealth?
Okay.
From today on, you will live in my house
Don't touch your feet
Good luck god of wealth
Oh, where is it for you to pay?
It's all here, it's all here.
Hey
A house as big as yours costs millions, right?
Not much, just 500 million
500 million.
God, this is so luxurious
Wow, your lawn is so big!
If it were me
I only have 10 cows
Raise another flock of sheep
And a bunch of puppies.
Otherwise, it will be too wasteful.
You know, I brought you here to get engaged tomorrow
Don't mess it up for me.
I know, I know.
I'm a little hungry first
I never put mood words in front of me when I speak
You have to change this.
Secondly, don't act like you haven't seen the world
It's really expensive to buy anything for 50 cents.
What do you mean?
Gone to eat